README.md, before:

# Chain of Command

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/eatpLhfcSLxYx2bMJRATnjhGF.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/eatpLhfcSLxYx2bMJRATnjhGF)

Analyzes your `.bash_history` or similar file to identify commonly reoccurring sequences and workflows that may benefit from extraction into functions or aliases.

## Usage

```shell
./bin/coc ~/.bash_history
```

## Options

#### `--minCount` (`-m`)

Minimum number of matches needed to be displayed, to reduce noise.

Defaults to `5`.

#### `--runLength` (`-r`)

Number of commands that make up a sequence. Must be greater than one, and should generally be less than 3 for realistic data. For example, a run length of 3 will print repeated sequences of three commands.

Defaults to `2`.

#### `--wordCount` (`-w`)

Number of words to pull from commands for analysis.

Defaults to `2`.

## Sample Output

```shell
./bin/coc ~/.bash_history | head -5
# v → tig: 214
# git fetch → grom: 171
# tig → v: 96
# tig → amend: 79
# tig → git fetch: 44

./bin/coc ~/.bash_history --runLength=5 | head -5
# tig → amend → tig → amend → tig: 7
# git fetch → grom → gp -f → v → tig: 6
# tig → git stash → gch master → git fetch → grom: 6
# tig → v → tig → v → tig: 6
# tig → amend → git fetch → grom → gp -f: 5

./bin/coc ~/.bash_history --minCount=15 | tail -5
# tig → ga: 16
# tig → gb: 16
# tig → gch master: 16
# tig → yarn tsc: 16
# tig → clean: 15
```

## Development

### Build

```shell
ghc -o bin/coc Main.hs
```

Commit message:

feat: add -f (--file) option
This flag replicates previous behavior. Now, if no flag is used, STDIN
is read instead. This makes it easier to manipulate history before
analysis, e.g. filtering out noise.

README.md, after:

# Chain of Command

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/eatpLhfcSLxYx2bMJRATnjhGF.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/eatpLhfcSLxYx2bMJRATnjhGF)

Analyzes your `.bash_history` or similar file to identify commonly reoccurring sequences and workflows that may benefit from extraction into functions or aliases.

## Usage

```shell
# Passing file path
./bin/coc -f ~/.bash_history

# Reading from stdin -- useful for filtering common commands
cat ~/.bash_history | grep -v "git" | ./bin/coc
```

## Options

#### `--file` (`-f`)

Path to history file. Overrides `STDIN`.

#### `--minCount` (`-m`)

Minimum number of matches needed to be displayed, to reduce noise.

Defaults to `5`.

#### `--runLength` (`-r`)

Number of commands that make up a sequence. Must be greater than one, and should generally be less than 3 for realisticcdata. For example, a run length of 3 will print repeated sequences of three commands.

Defaults to `2`.

#### `--wordCount` (`-w`)

Number of words to pull from commands for analysis.

Defaults to `2`.

## Sample Output

```shell
./bin/coc -f ~/.bash_history | head -5
# v → tig: 214
# git fetch → grom: 171
# tig → v: 96
# tig → amend: 79
# tig → git fetch: 44

./bin/coc -f ~/.bash_history --runLength=5 | head -5
# tig → amend → tig → amend → tig: 7
# git fetch → grom → gp -f → v → tig: 6
# tig → git stash → gch master → git fetch → grom: 6
# tig → v → tig → v → tig: 6
# tig → amend → git fetch → grom → gp -f: 5

./bin/coc -f ~/.bash_history --minCount=15 | tail -5
# tig → ga: 16
# tig → gb: 16
# tig → gch master: 16
# tig → yarn tsc: 16
# tig → clean: 15
```

## Development

### Build

```shell
ghc -o bin/coc Main.hs
```
